Neighborhood	Price	Bedrooms	Bathrooms	House Size	Description	Neighborhood Description	text
Lakeview Heights	950000	4	3.0	2500	Discover luxury and serenity in Lakeview Heights. This 4-bedroom, 3-bathroom residence offers panoramic lake views, a modern kitchen with high-end appliances, and a grand master suite. The landscaped garden, complete with a deck and fire pit, provides a perfect setting for outdoor entertainment.	Lakeview Heights is renowned for its breathtaking lake scenery, exclusive golf courses, and gourmet restaurants. Enjoy waterfront walks, boating, and a vibrant community life in this prestigious neighborhood.	Discover luxury and serenity in Lakeview Heights. This 4-bedroom, 3-bathroom residence offers panoramic lake views, a modern kitchen with high-end appliances, and a grand master suite. The landscaped garden, complete with a deck and fire pit, provides a perfect setting for outdoor entertainment. Lakeview Heights is renowned for its breathtaking lake scenery, exclusive golf courses, and gourmet restaurants. Enjoy waterfront walks, boating, and a vibrant community life in this prestigious neighborhood.
Sunset Trails	725000	3	2.5	1800	Embrace the charm of Sunset Trails in this beautifully designed 3-bedroom home. Features include a cozy fireplace, hardwood flooring, and a gourmet kitchen that opens to a private patio. The master suite offers a spa-like bathroom and walk-in closet.	Sunset Trails boasts a friendly community atmosphere, with parks, hiking trails, and excellent schools. It’s an ideal place for outdoor enthusiasts and families looking for a peaceful suburban life.	Embrace the charm of Sunset Trails in this beautifully designed 3-bedroom home. Features include a cozy fireplace, hardwood flooring, and a gourmet kitchen that opens to a private patio. The master suite offers a spa-like bathroom and walk-in closet. Sunset Trails boasts a friendly community atmosphere, with parks, hiking trails, and excellent schools. It’s an ideal place for outdoor enthusiasts and families looking for a peaceful suburban life.
Orchard Valley	1200000	5	4.0	3500	Experience grand living in Orchard Valley with this spacious 5-bedroom estate. The home features a stunning entryway, chef’s kitchen, and a luxurious master suite. The expansive backyard includes a pool and outdoor kitchen, perfect for entertaining.	Known for its upscale homes and lush landscapes, Orchard Valley is a premier neighborhood with top-tier schools, shopping centers, and gourmet dining options.	Experience grand living in Orchard Valley with this spacious 5-bedroom estate. The home features a stunning entryway, chef’s kitchen, and a luxurious master suite. The expansive backyard includes a pool and outdoor kitchen, perfect for entertaining. Known for its upscale homes and lush landscapes, Orchard Valley is a premier neighborhood with top-tier schools, shopping centers, and gourmet dining options.
Coastal Haven	1500000	4	3.5	3000	This exquisite 4-bedroom beachfront home in Coastal Haven offers unobstructed ocean views, open-plan living areas, and high-quality finishes. The master suite has a private balcony overlooking the sea, and the property includes direct beach access.	Coastal Haven is a serene beach community with a laid-back lifestyle, pristine beaches, and local seafood restaurants. It’s perfect for those seeking a tranquil coastal retreat.	This exquisite 4-bedroom beachfront home in Coastal Haven offers unobstructed ocean views, open-plan living areas, and high-quality finishes. The master suite has a private balcony overlooking the sea, and the property includes direct beach access. Coastal Haven is a serene beach community with a laid-back lifestyle, pristine beaches, and local seafood restaurants. It’s perfect for those seeking a tranquil coastal retreat.
Modern Metro	850000	2	2.0	1200	This modern loft in the heart of Modern Metro offers sleek design, state-of-the-art amenities, and floor-to-ceiling windows with city views. The open layout includes a contemporary kitchen and a luxurious master suite.	Modern Metro is a vibrant urban neighborhood with a mix of residential lofts, art galleries, trendy cafes, and nightlife. It’s perfect for those who love the energy of city living.	This modern loft in the heart of Modern Metro offers sleek design, state-of-the-art amenities, and floor-to-ceiling windows with city views. The open layout includes a contemporary kitchen and a luxurious master suite. Modern Metro is a vibrant urban neighborhood with a mix of residential lofts, art galleries, trendy cafes, and nightlife. It’s perfect for those who love the energy of city living.
Countryside Meadows	980000	4	3.0	2800	This elegant 4-bedroom home in Countryside Meadows features a two-story foyer, formal dining room, and a family room with a stone fireplace. The large kitchen leads to a beautiful sunroom overlooking the gardens.	Countryside Meadows offers a blend of rural charm and modern conveniences, with open spaces, community farms, and quaint boutiques, creating a warm and inviting community atmosphere.	This elegant 4-bedroom home in Countryside Meadows features a two-story foyer, formal dining room, and a family room with a stone fireplace. The large kitchen leads to a beautiful sunroom overlooking the gardens. Countryside Meadows offers a blend of rural charm and modern conveniences, with open spaces, community farms, and quaint boutiques, creating a warm and inviting community atmosphere.
Riverbend Estates	1100000	5	4.5	4000	Discover the beauty of Riverbend Estates with this luxurious 5-bedroom home. It boasts an impressive two-story living room, a gourmet kitchen, and a master suite with a private terrace. The property includes a large deck and a landscaped yard that backs onto a peaceful river.	Riverbend Estates is an exclusive community nestled along the riverbanks, known for its scenic views, privacy, and luxury homes. Residents enjoy boating, fishing, and nature walks in this picturesque setting.	Discover the beauty of Riverbend Estates with this luxurious 5-bedroom home. It boasts an impressive two-story living room, a gourmet kitchen, and a master suite with a private terrace. The property includes a large deck and a landscaped yard that backs onto a peaceful river. Riverbend Estates is an exclusive community nestled along the riverbanks, known for its scenic views, privacy, and luxury homes. Residents enjoy boating, fishing, and nature walks in this picturesque setting.
Skyline Ridge	1300000	4	3.5	3200	Perched atop Skyline Ridge, this stunning 4-bedroom home features breathtaking city and mountain views, an open-concept floor plan, and a gourmet kitchen. The master suite includes a walk-in closet and spa-like bathroom.	Skyline Ridge is an affluent neighborhood known for its spectacular views, luxury homes, and exclusive amenities. It’s a haven for those seeking a prestigious and private living environment.	Perched atop Skyline Ridge, this stunning 4-bedroom home features breathtaking city and mountain views, an open-concept floor plan, and a gourmet kitchen. The master suite includes a walk-in closet and spa-like bathroom. Skyline Ridge is an affluent neighborhood known for its spectacular views, luxury homes, and exclusive amenities. It’s a haven for those seeking a prestigious and private living environment.
Cedar Heights	1200000	4	3.0	3600	Immerse yourself in the luxury of Cedar Heights with this stunning 4-bedroom, 3-bathroom home. Featuring vaulted ceilings, a chef's kitchen, and an expansive living area with a stone fireplace, this property exudes elegance. The master suite offers a spa-like retreat, and the outdoor living space includes a custom pool and lush landscaping.	Cedar Heights is an exclusive enclave known for its scenic hilltop views and luxurious homes. The community prides itself on its secluded feel, yet is conveniently located near high-end shopping, fine dining, and renowned schools.	Immerse yourself in the luxury of Cedar Heights with this stunning 4-bedroom, 3-bathroom home. Featuring vaulted ceilings, a chef's kitchen, and an expansive living area with a stone fireplace, this property exudes elegance. The master suite offers a spa-like retreat, and the outdoor living space includes a custom pool and lush landscaping. Cedar Heights is an exclusive enclave known for its scenic hilltop views and luxurious homes. The community prides itself on its secluded feel, yet is conveniently located near high-end shopping, fine dining, and renowned schools.
Brookstone Park	900000	3	2.5	2900	Discover the charm of Brookstone Park in this exquisite 3-bedroom, 2.5-bathroom residence. The home features an open floor plan with a modern kitchen, spacious living areas, and a home office. The beautifully landscaped yard and patio provide a serene setting for outdoor relaxation.	Brookstone Park offers a perfect blend of suburban tranquility and urban convenience. With its beautiful parks, community center, and easy access to city amenities, it's a sought-after location for those desiring a balanced lifestyle.	Discover the charm of Brookstone Park in this exquisite 3-bedroom, 2.5-bathroom residence. The home features an open floor plan with a modern kitchen, spacious living areas, and a home office. The beautifully landscaped yard and patio provide a serene setting for outdoor relaxation. Brookstone Park offers a perfect blend of suburban tranquility and urban convenience. With its beautiful parks, community center, and easy access to city amenities, it's a sought-after location for those desiring a balanced lifestyle.
